Add 0.1.17 release notes (#1551)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/release_notes.md

# Release notes

## [v0.1.17](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v0.1.17)

# Enhancements

> ## Specifying `jvm` option via using directives
> 
> `jvm` option can now be added via using directives, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Specifying the `--jvm` option via using directives

The `--jvm` option can now be added via using directives, like
```

```scala
//> using jvm "adopt:11"
```

Added by [@lwronski](https://github.com/lwronski) in [#1539](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/1539)

> ## SDKMAN and Homebrew support installation of Scala CLI for M1

Reviewer: I think this can be bumped to the top

To install Scala CLI via SDKMAN, run the following command from the command line:
```
sdk install scalacli
```

and to install Scala CLI via homebrew:
```
brew install Virtuslab/scala-cli/scala-cli
```

Added by [@wleczny](https://github.com/wleczny) in https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/1505 and [#1497](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/1497)

## Accept more `scalac` options without escaping

Scala CLI now accepts options such as `-rewrite`, `-new-syntax`, `-old-syntax`, `-source:<target>`, `-indent` and `-no-indent`, without requiring them to be escaped by `-O`.

Fixed by [@Gedochao](https://github.com/Gedochao) in [#1501](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/1501)

## Enable `python` support  via using directives

> `python` option can now be enabled via using directives, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--python` option can now be enabled via a using directive, like
```
